Get a player to pretend they're a weather forecaster.
Trick a player into making a handshake you just invented.
Make a player list three things they're grateful for.
Convince a player to show you how to fold an origami shape.
Trick a player into saying their age backwards.

Make a player guess an imaginary animal.
Trick a player into believing they've forgotten an imaginary friend's name.
Get a player to explain how to play hopscotch.
Get a player to pretend they’re a character from a book.
Make a player guess your astrological sign.
Convince a player to explain how a simple appliance works.
Convince a player to say a word in a foreign language.
Make a player say “never have I ever” followed by something they’ve never done.
Make a player do their best impression of a car engine.
Make a player jump as if they saw a mouse.
Make a player act like they're in a silent film.
Trick a player into giving you a compliment.
Trick a player into giving a thumbs-up for no reason.
Get a player to explain the plot of a book they are reading.
Make a player explain how to play a sport they know nothing about.
Get a player to act like they’ve just won a prize.
Get a player to pretend they’re a famous singer.
Get a player to explain the rules of a board game.
Get a player to act like a famous inventor.
Convince a player to pretend they are a famous chef.
Make a player guess the capital of a random country.
Convince a player to recite the alphabet backwards.
Get a player to tell you their favorite childhood memory.
Trick someone into believing a fake fact.
Trick a player into saying “bless you” when you pretend to sneeze.
Make a player say a tongue twister.
Get a player to describe their dream vacation.
Get a player to describe their first pet.
Make a player tell you their favorite joke.
Convince a player to share a weird food combination they like.
Get a player to explain a sport as if you’ve never heard of it.
Trick a player into holding an imaginary conversation.
Trick a player into balancing an object on their head.
Make a player pretend they're a statue.
Make a player close their eyes and guess an object by touch.
Trick a player into saying 'please' and 'thank you' in one sentence.
Trick a player into believing a celebrity rumor.
Make a player name all the planets in the solar system.
Convince a player to describe an alien from a movie.
Get a player to act as if they’re stuck in slow motion.
Get a player to demonstrate how to make a paper boat.
Trick a player into believing you can read palms and then 'read' theirs.
Make a player name three fruits in 5 seconds.
Convince a player to pretend they’re a DJ.
Get a player to list five different types of trees.
Get a player to show you a magic trick.
Convince a player to name three countries starting with the same letter.
Get a player to explain how to cook their favorite meal.
Get a player to mimic a famous painting.
Make a player describe their first job.
Trick a player into repeating a nonsensical phrase.
Trick a player into whistling a tune.
Convince a player to demonstrate how to make tea.
Make a player list three things they would bring to a deserted island.
Convince a player to pretend they are a famous athlete.
Trick a player into touching their nose when you say a certain word.
Get a player to pretend they're a talk show host.
Make a player do their best impression of a historical figure.
Get a player to explain how to tie a tie.
Convince a player to make you a snack.
Get a player to describe their first memory.
Get a player to take a selfie with you.
Get a player to hum a tune and guess it.
Convince a player to share their most unusual talent.
Trick a player into checking the time, then say “gotcha!”
Make a player demonstrate how to make a paper airplane.
Make a player name five capitals of countries in 30 seconds
Convince a player to pretend they’re a cat.
Get a player to act like a superhero.
Convince a player to draw a self-portrait.
Convince a player to do 10 jumping jacks.
Get a player to describe their favorite fictional character.
Convince a player to demonstrate a yoga pose.
Make a player explain how to tie a knot.
Make a player act like they're climbing a mountain.
Make a player act like they're in a windy storm.
Get a player to describe their favorite piece of clothing.
Trick a player into saying a specific word without saying it yourself.
Convince a player to guess the weather for tomorrow.
Trick a player into dancing without music.
Make a player describe their favorite season.
Get a player to tell you about their favorite teacher.
Convince a player to show you a dance from their culture.
Trick a player into clapping every time you say a certain word.
